
One day, the ghost of Steve Irwing motivates you to build a zoo. Struck by this 
sudden desire, but lacking in the monetary means to do so, you decide to settle 
for the next best thing: building a digital zoo.

In trying to build a digital zoo, you discover that you'll also need to make
digital animals, along with digital toys for those animals to play with.
Fortunately, you receive the code for implementing both in a dream.

You thus are given two classes, Toy and Animal, that represents toys and animals
respectively. Those classes have the following properties:

class Toy
	Each toy has the following properties:
		A bool that represents if it's being played with or not
		A string that represents the name of the animal playing with that toy
	Each toy can do the following things:
		Be played with
			If it is being played with already, the toy cannot be played with
		Finish being played with
			Can now be played with by other animals
			Only the animal that was playing with it can finish
		Tell you if it's being played with
		Tell you who is playing with that toy

class Animal
	Each Animal has the following properties:
		Has a name
		Is a Carnivore or a Herbivore
		Has a favorite toy
	Each Animal can do the following things:
		Play
			Play with their favorite toy, if possible
		Stop Play
			Stop playing with their toy
		Is Playing
			Lets you know if the animal is playing with their toy
		Tell you what their name is
		Tell you whether they're a herbivore or not



It is thus your job to write class Zoo to represent a zoo.

class Zoo
	Each Zoo has the following properties:
		A enclosure of Herbivores
		A enclosure of Carnivores
		A maximum capacity for both enclosures
	Each Zoo can do the following things:
		Add an animal
			Given its name, its herbivore status, and its favorite toy,
				Adds an animal to its appropriate enclosure
		Have a specific animal play
		Spend a day
			Has all its animals try to play
		Sleep
			Has all its animals stop playing
		Status
			Prints the status of all the animals


NOTICE: two separate animals can have the same favorite toys!

These requirements are intentionally vague. It is up to you to decide the best
implementation for the class Zoo that can fulfill all the requirements.

Using the skeleton provided, finish the implementation of the Class Zoo.
